docs(dpg): update `ProtocolMethods.md` (#28364)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/ProtocolMethods.md

Azure SDK clients provide an interface to Azure services by translating library calls to REST requests.

In Azure SDK clients, there are two ways to expose the schematized body in the request or response, known as the `message body`:

> - Most Azure SDK Clients expose methods that take ['model types'](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-model-types) as parameters, C# classes which map to the `message body` of the REST call. Those methods can be called here '**standard model methods**'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most Azure SDK Clients expose methods that take ['model types'](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-model-types) as parameters, C# classes which map to the `message body` of the REST call. Those methods can be called here '**convenience methods**'.
```

const string endpoint = "http://localhost:3000";
var credential = new AzureKeyCredential(/*SERVICE-API-KEY*/);
var client = new PetStoreClient(new Uri(endpoint), credential, new PetStoreClientOptions());
```

### 2. Create and Send a Request

Protocol methods need a JSON object of the shape required by the schema of the service.

See the specific service documentation for details, but as an example:

```csharp
// anonymous class is serialized by System.Text.Json using runtime reflection
var data = new {
    name = "snoopy",
    species = "beagle"
};
/*
{
    "name": "snoopy",
    "species": "beagle"
}
*/
client.SetPet(RequestContent.Create(data));
```

### 3. Handle the Response

Protocol methods all return a `Response` object that contains information returned from the service request.

The most important field on Response contains the REST content returned from the service:

```C# Snippet:GetPetAsync
Response response = await client.GetPetAsync("snoopy", new RequestContext());

var doc = JsonDocument.Parse(response.Content.ToMemory());
var name = doc.RootElement.GetProperty("name").GetString();
```

## Configuration And Customization

> **Protocol methods** share the same configuration and customization as **standard model methods**. For details, see the [ReadMe](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md). You can find more samples [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Protocol methods** share the same configuration and customization as **convenience methods**. For details, see the [ReadMe](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md). You can find more samples [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/README.md).
```
